Hello and welcome to step five implementing the convolutional Nouel network variational are in color
the sea and the and mostly welcome to the first implementation phase because indeed you've just seen
in the four previous steps the required theory needed to understand before implementing of course the
moral.
And so what we're about to implement in this Step Five is exactly this part composed of the CNN and
the V.
And what's important to understand is that the C and the convolutional neural network allows the vision
of the model so that the model is able to see just like a human the input frames on the game on the
car racing game just as if it was playing the game like some humans would play video games.
And then the Wii this bar here is the part that dreams remember that the specific feature of this new
Fool world model is that it is a model that is able to dream because indeed the core added value of
the full world model is that it gains better performance.
Inside the dream that is inside the reconstructed environment happening here in the Wii.
So basically we call it a dream because you know when we dream when we humans dream Well what happens
is that our brain remembers the real environment of earth in which we live.
And during our sleep our mind reconstruct the environment images that our brain remembers and sometimes
it's true that the dreams seem quite different from the reality because the reconstruction can be very
abstract.
That's why sometimes we have very weird dreams.
And so here that's the same we have the input frames which are the reality.
The model sees it and then with the V.A. it happening here.
Well the moral will first encode the real images the real input frames into what we called a latent
vector which you saw was real in his variational or encoder intuition lectures and then from the latent
vector that we will reconstruct the images as in a dream.
And that's why here this whole a part of the Fool world normal corresponds to the dream.
And then of course we have the memory.
We will see that an implement that later on that will of course improve the model because it will leverage
the temporal relationship of the environment to be able to predict some better future actions that will
come in step 6 with the regular neural network.
Then Step Seven mixture in that work.
And then again we'll implement together the endian Arnon.
All right.
So here we go for this step 5 implementing the CNN V.
I can't wait to start.
We're going to build a big class that is going to contain not only the fool architecture of the convolutional
variational our encoder but also we will implement the training operations.
So this will take about 80 lines of code.
I hope you're ready.
And now the exciting thing that I wanted to show you is that the architecture that I just mentioned
and that we're going to build in this implementation you know in this huge convolutional the class is
going to be exactly the same architecture as the one given in this article because indeed here that's
the part explain the V8 immoral.
Make sure to read it.
If it's not done yet you'll get the right intuition.
But if we scroll down down to the putting everything together section you'll see at the end that for
more specific information about the morals training procedures and environments Please refer to the
appendix.
And if you click it well you will find out the whole architecture of the variational are in core.
And so what I was saying is that the architecture we will build in our implementation of this Step Five
is exactly that same architecture that we see here.
I mean some first convolutional layers of 32 64 128 and 256 sensor input then will create the latent
vector which will be a one dimensional vector of course but composed of 1024 elements which will be
the result of the flattening after the convolutions.
And then we'll use the deconvolution or also called to transpose convolutions or even the inverted convolutions
to recreate or to reconstruct the images from the latent vectors.
All right.
And this will create the dream right here.
The dream is created right here.
That's the reality.
The input images coming from the environment and all this process happens to create in the end the dream.
And so this is really fascinating because the AI manages to gain performance you know to become stronger
and more intelligent by training.
Inside the dream.
So that's why I remember I said one of the pros was that this whole invention is based on a fascinating
idea.
All right so if you're ready now we're going to move on to Python to build all this plus the training
operations.
And so speaking of Python Here it is.
Right now we are indeed on Python.
But more specifically we are on the spider idea from Anaconda.
So if you like this idea you can download Anaconda which you can find very easily on Google.
And then inside Anaconda You will launch spider and eventually at the end of the Course you'll see that
we will create a virtual environment in which we will install all the required packages.
And inside this virtual environment will of course execute the whole code that is who will run the full
world model on the car racing environment and we will play against it like I did in the first lecture
of this course.
But we're still far from that before we have to build our first model the first moral component of the
full world model.
And this is the variational our encoder.
And so where is that either.
I found that I created.
Well first of all no worries because we will give you everything at the end of the course you will get
not only the inference for that but also the training folder in both AI programming languages which
are sense of flow and keras we will implement that intensive flow.
But where did I create this the pipe and fell well here.
As you can see I am on my desktop on my desktop.
I created a master class folder.
And if we open it we will get as you will get when we give you the folder to subfolder is inference
and training an inference for there.
That's where I created the API and fell which we will implement in the step 5.
Are you ready.
Here we go.
Let's start with the first code section importing the libraries.
So we will only need two libraries here to build this convolutional the class.
And these are first non-Thai for which will give the shortcut and P.
And of course as we've just said of flow for which we will give the shortcut T F and perfect that's
it.
That's only what we'll need to create our convolutional the Emo.
And now we're ready to build the convolutional emotional and we'll build that as you can see within
a class which will call count the.
But this is going to be a big code section no big class with a lot of things to do including building
the whole architecture which as you saw is not a simple architecture.
And also the training operations.
Let's take a break here.
Let's get some good energy and let's start tackling it in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy AI.